
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

By examining the difference between, i got the information about the modifications i had made from the oldversion, 
since we are geting the excat code where we made the change, it is easy to compare them and find which part of the code
has caused the bug and make modififcations accordingly.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

By having the enire history of files, i can always look back into previous files for changes to be made and i will be more 
confident in expermenting with code as i have backup and at anytime i can switch back to working code, and i can learn a lot 
by going through the mistakes from the history of files.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros :

1. we know the breakup of modules of the code so we can commit for each logical module and each commit has a specific
purpose.

2. and we will have fair bit of idea of history of commits and its purpose, so if any case if we want to revert to 
particular state, we know which part to go, rather than in automatic save where we have to search the commits to get
the stable state.

Cons:

1. often developers tend to commit too small or too big.
2. if the difference between commits are too big, then it is more prone to errors.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

The main reason, i am thinking was, mostly in git , the projects will be interelated, so all of them should be in
stable state inorder to application to be working, while google docs it will be a single file and most of them
will be independent and modifying one mostly will not effect the other


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log : git log will be used to view the entire history of changes made to the repositary and easily findout what changes made
              in the sequential order.

    git diff : git diff will be very helpful in finding the differences between the different commits and we can also find how many changes made between two
               commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version controls makes programmer more confident as we have previous versions of code where the application had worked correctly, so we
can confidently code as in case of any mistake we can revert back to previous working code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I am trying develop new project and i am using git for maintaining my code and version control.


    Fill in your answer here